1. Ad-mad' is an advertisement-making competition to showcase creativity in marketing products and services. 
The event is an opportunity to bring out the individual and collective talent of the participants.
The Topic for the advertisement making competition will be given to the participating teams at 
7pm on 14th October that’s when their timer will start, and they’ll have to start ideating and planning 
their storyline which will be followed by their shooting and editing of the advertisement which will be 
then submitted by them before 10pm on 16th October. The team can be of 3 to 6 members and the duration of 
the advertisement should be 2 – 6 minutes only. 

2.Ek Zubaani Cinefilia will be hosting Ek-Zubani, a monologue competition. The power that an impactful monologue 
holds is often paralleled to a few of the most famous speeches. 'Ek-zubaani' will make you feel alive and connected to your emotions while performing.
Ek-Zubani is a monologue competition. The time limit of each monologue should be 4-6 minutes. The competition will be judged based on character portrayal, 
poise, body language, content and delivery. Background music for the act can be brought in a pen drive but recorded vocals are not allowed. Other descriptions 
and rule book will be mailed to the joining teams.

3.Rangmanch, a stage play competition.The Rangmanch has always been the focal point of an artist’s world. We intend to provide a stage for every artist. 
We intend to establish and promote the essence of theatre in the current fast-paced world.
Rangmanch is a stage play competition with the cast size of 5-15 members, excluding the directors. 
The time limit of each play should be 1 hour. The competition will be judged by Jaipur theatre circuit veterans. 
The use of additional props should be informed at least 5 days before the event date. Other descriptions and rule book will be mailed to the joining teams.

4. Sadaknaam - The Street Play Competition as a part of Oneiros. Street plays are those mirrors of society that are used as a means of communication to 
disseminate social and political themes and to raise awareness among the public. 'Sadaknaam' hence encapsulates these chants, beats, and voices
Sadaknaam is a street play competition with the cast size of 20 members, including the directors and instrumentalists. The time limit of each 
play should be 15-25 minutes. Students will be given the chance to showcase their skills in acting, scripting and teamwork and perform a 
street play of any theme of their choice. Students from MUJ and participating universities will be performing their respective plays in front of a judges panel. 
Other descriptions and rule book will be mailed to the joining teams.


