1.INGENIUM – THE DEBATING CONTEST  Putting forward one’s point with grace and confidence is of the utmost importance in our competitive world and so 
LITMUS brings a literary-based event during ONEIROS to make our youth more aware and shape them into confident and 
opinionated humans.

2. CONNECTING THE THREADS LITMUS presents "Connecting the Threads", a truly unique writing event. Prompts will be given to the participants on the spot. 
In a group of two, the participants of each team must weave an engaging story starting with the prompts given.

3. iSketch – The Pictionary Contest Literature has no limits but imaginations goes beyond that sometimes. 
Mixing two of the most magical forms of expression when we come up with Pictionary we get a proof of the fact how writers and artists go together.  
Pictionary let's us translate idioms, phrases etc into an entirely different language of art creating beautiful illustrations of the person's interpretation.

4. PLANE CRASH If your plane spirals out of control en-route an exotic location, and there is only one parachute available, what will you do? 

Each participant will be allotted a character they will represent during different rounds of the game. Classification based on theme 
“Famous persons from history" or "characters from a fantasy world" will help limit the individuals.
Each competitor will have 60 seconds to demonstrate why being on the plane is important to them and why they deserve to be onboard.
To save themselves, the passengers will then vote on the members they will throw overboard

5.VOICEOVER Have you ever felt the urge to change the movie dialogues according to your own imagination? Well, here’s your chance 
to deliver your dialogues in the movie clip you desire! This unique and thrill driven theme event requires the participants to 
listen, write and use their dialogues/ script in place of the original dialogues. The most appropriate and relatable representation 
will fetch you the winning title and the prizes entitled with it