Akash Mehta is a talented topical stand up comedian who showed up at Oneiros and delivered his refreshing performance to the students. His comedic style and 
timing keeps his youthful audience engaged and laughing at all times. 
His use of fresh and famous topics is often found relatable by his fans and his audience interaction is always applauded.

DJ Shaan, a sensational DJ from Mumbai who started his career at a very young age of 15 gave a mind blowing performance at Oneiros. He's a very young achiever
 who gained his fans soon through his phenomal performances at housefull concerts like Sunburn. 
His elated fans visited his concert with excitement and enthusiasm and made the event a huge success.

Local Train, a Delhi based rock band, delivered their mesmerizing performance at Oneiros, touching everyone's hearts. This 2008 established band has given 
amazing songs that all the generations of music enthusiasts enjoyed and cherished. 
The Local Train served a huge crowd at MUJ and touched the hearts of many.

DJ Chetas, a famous DJ and music composer, winner of several mirchi awards, gave Oneiros a shining star with his presence. His music mashups had everyone dancing on their 
toes all night and left them wanting for more. 
His music has given 5 stars to a lot of bollywood movies and been the life of parties. DJ Chetas' refreshing remixes is the reason MUJ's crowd visited his concert in full blow.

Hardavinder Singh Sandhu, better known as Harrdy Sandhu, is a singer, actor, and a former cricketer. The sensation of the punjabi industry gave a breathtaking performance at Oneiros ! 
He has released superhit tracks and has also widened horizons to films. 
His fans are crazy about his concerts and leave no stone unturned to make each event one of a kind!

Shirley Setia, a New Zealand singer and actress known for her commendable work in the Indian film and music industry gave an astonishing performance at Oneiros. 
In her early days she was better known as 
"Bollywood's Next Big Singing Sensation". Since then her enthusiastic fans and definitely her continuous efforts have helped her reach the pinnacle of success